Typos from only the reference section (#266)
datawire/ambassador-docs: reference/mappings.md

| `rate_limits` | Specifies a list rate limit rules on a mapping. | dictionary |
| `remove_request_headers` | Specifies a list of HTTP headers that are dropped from the request before sending upstream. | string list |
| `remove_response_headers` | Specifies a list of HTTP headers that are dropped from the response before sending to the client. | string list |

> | `regex_headers` | Specifies a list of HTTP headers and regular expressions that must match for this mapping to be used to route the request. | string list |

Reviewer: Can you teach me to know when to use "which" and when to use "that"?

| `rewrite` | Replaces the URL prefix with when talking to the service. Defaults to `"/"`, meaning the prefix is stripped. | string |
| `retry_policy` | Performs automatic retries upon request failures. | dictionary |
| `timeout_ms` | The timeout, in milliseconds, for requests through this Mapping. Defaults to 3000. | integer |
| `tls` | If true, tells the system that it should use HTTPS to contact this service. (It's also possible to use TLS to specify a certificate to present to the service.) | boolean |

> | `use_websocket` | If true, tells Ambassador Edge Stack that this service will use web sockets. | boolean |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `use_websocket` | If true, tells Ambassador Edge Stack that this service will use WebSockets. | boolean |
```
"WebSockets" is the name of a specific technology that is one word.
